Update testing-infrastructure.md - Added verbiage around Jenkins job failing after a release and how to troubleshoot it (#10951)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/qa/testing-infrastructure.md

1. If for some reason it didn't deploy, check the server.log file. It may just be a caching issue so try un-deploying, deleting cache, restarting, and re-deploying on the server (`su - dataverse` then `/usr/local/payara6/bin/asadmin list-applications; /usr/local/payara6/bin/asadmin undeploy dataverse-6.1; /usr/local/payara6/bin/asadmin deploy /tmp/dataverse-6.1.war`)

> 1. When a Jenkins job fails after a release, it might be due to the version number in the `pom.xml` file not being updated in the pull request (PR). To verify this, open the relevant GitHub ticket, navigate to the PR branch, and go to `dataverse > modules > dataverse-parent > pom.xml`. Look for the version number, typically shown as `<revision>6.3</revision>`, and ensure it matches the current Dataverse build version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When a Jenkins job fails after a release, it might be due to the version number in the `pom.xml` file not being updated in the pull request (PR). To verify this, open the relevant GitHub issue, navigate to the PR branch, and go to `dataverse > modules > dataverse-parent > pom.xml`. Look for the version number, typically shown as `<revision>6.3</revision>`, and ensure it matches the current Dataverse build version. If it doesn't match, ask the developer to update the branch with the latest from the "develop" branch.
```
